Update install-linux.rst (#493)
splunk/public-o11y-docs: gdi/opentelemetry/install-linux.rst

      sudo systemctl daemon-reload
      sudo systemctl restart td-agent

> If you already installed Fulentd on a host, then install the Splunk OTel Collector without Fluentd using the command ``--without-fluentd``. For more information, see :ref:`otel-configuration`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already installed Fluentd on a host, install the Splunk OTel Collector without Fluentd using the ``--without-fluentd`` option. For more information, see :ref:`otel-configuration`. 
```
